Add standalone executables content (#792)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/install-guide/standalone.md

---

> title: Execute Q# programs without a driver in a host language 

Author: ```suggestion
title: Execute Q# programs without a driver or a host language 
```

---
title: Execute Q# programs without a driver in a host language 

> author: 

Reviewer: I think author and ms.author cannot be blank, unfortunately.

> author: 

Author: ```suggestion
author: KittyYeungQ
```

> ms.author: 

Author: kitty

ms.date: 4/24/2020
ms.topic: article
ms.custom: how-to
uid: microsoft.quantum.update
---

# Q# Standalone Executables

> Standalone executables allow Q# programs to executed as its own language, without a driver in a host language like C#, F#, or Python.

Reviewer: Q# is a language, but Q# programs aren't a language.
```suggestion
Standalone executables allow Q# programs to be executed on their own, without a driver in a host language like C#, F#, or Python.
```

1. Pre-requisites

- [.NET Core SDK 3.1 or later](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download)

2. Installation

> While you can use the Q# standalone executables in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) or Visual Studio IDE for your Q# applications. By using VS Code or Visual Studio and the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality.(These are convenient tools for the Q# + C# and Q# + Python applications, if you choose to use them instead.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can use the Q# standalone executables in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) or Visual Studio IDE for your Q# applications. By using VS Code or Visual Studio and the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality.
These are also convenient tools for using [Q# and Python together](xref:todo) or for using [Q# and C# together](xref:todo), if you choose to use those workflows instead.
```

> ---

Reviewer 2: done.

title: Execute Q# programs without a driver in a host language 
author: KittyYeungQ

> ms.author: 

Author: ```suggestion
ms.author: kitty
```

ms.date: 4/24/2020
ms.topic: article
ms.custom: how-to

> uid: microsoft.quantum.update

Reviewer 3: This uid should be updated since microsoft.quantum.update is already the uid for the update page. Could be microsoft.quantum.install.standalone?

> uid: microsoft.quantum.update

Author: ```suggestion
uid: microsoft.quantum.install.standalone
```

---

> # Q# Standalone Executables

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Q# Executables
```

> # Q# Command Line Applications```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
# Q# Command Line Applications
```

> Standalone executables allow Q# programs to be executed on their own, without a driver in a host language like C#, F#, or Python.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Q# programs can be executed on their own, without a driver in a host language like C#, F#, or Python.
```

1. Pre-requisites

- [.NET Core SDK 3.1 or later](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download)

2. Installation

> While you can use the Q# standalone executables in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) or Visual Studio IDE for your Q# applications. By using VS Code or Visual Studio and the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While you can build Q# command line applications in any IDE, we highly recommend using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) or Visual Studio IDE for your Q# applications. By using VS Code or Visual Studio and the QDK Visual Studio Code extension you gain access to richer functionality.
```

> These are also convenient tools for using [Q# and Python together](xref:todo) or for using [Q# and C# together](xref:todo), if you choose to use those workflows instead.

Reviewer 5: Do we need this line? If the reader is here I don't think they need to know this. I think those todo are part of the warning as well.

Reviewer 5: I was referring to the text starting at line 22

Author: Got it. We can remove the Python and C# mentions.
